---
title: Versionierungs-/Auditbereinigungsdaten 7 Jahre lang aufbewahren
description: Beschreibung
solution: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service
product: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service
applies-to: Experience Manager as a Cloud Service
keywords: KCS
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Gucci Paull
article-created-date: 11/30/2022 12:07:53 PM
article-published-by: Gucci Paull
article-published-date: 11/30/2022 12:11:18 PM
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-21083
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=d29c4f9b-a770-ed11-9562-6045bd0061cb
exl-id: d8fe1400-0394-4576-97f0-e41611a4e746
source-git-commit: 134899f5de0f3dd5ec9aaf0c71e2730f5c704302
workflow-type: ht
source-wordcount: '18'
ht-degree: 100%

---

# Versionierungs-/Auditbereinigungsdaten 7 Jahre lang aufbewahren

## Beschreibung {#description}


`Is it possible keep versioning and audit purge  for 7 years due to regulatory purposes?`


## Auflösung {#resolution}


`There is no real value in keeping versions for multiple years and AEM is not the right tool to fulfill regulatory requirements. `

`There have been a lot of discussions around this in the past because customers come up with similar requirements (e.g. using AEM as an archiving solution to comply with legal duties) on a regular basis. `




```
The general recommendation is to go with external, specialised and CMS-agnostic tools for archiving if the requirement comes from a legal point of view. Reasons to not handle this inside of AEM are:
```


`-It might be challenging to render a page (or a version of a page) multiple years after it has been published. Your application will have gone through multiple release iterations, content might have been restructured, components or rendering might have been changed. Depending on the evolution of the application/website, it’s quite unlikely that you will be able to render a page a couple of years after it has been published and get the same result. `

`-AEM does not prevent users with according permissions to change or delete content (including versions) in any way. A superuser could simply delete a version and there is no way to prevent this (in contrast to “real” archiving solutions). Also, not all changes/deletions are tracked through audit log. There are multiple ways to bypass audit log when carrying out content changes. `

`-The version of a page does not include referenced content, such as assets, xf/cf and other content that’s not stored on a page level but referenced from other sources. `

`-Anything happening client-side, such as personalisation/targeting, A/B-testing and similar will not be reflected in the version of a page.`
